Fixes links to files in Documentation. (#18)
iqm-finland/KQCircuits: docs/user_guide/gui_features.rst

Converting elements placed in GUI into code
-------------------------------------------

KQCircuits includes a macro `export_cells_as_code.lym <https://github.com/iqm-finland/KQCircuits/blob/main/klayout_package/python/scripts/macros/export/export_cells_as_code.lym>`_ that can be used to
convert elements placed in GUI into code that can be used in chip PCells. For
more information, see the docstring and comments in the macro. The following
animation demonstrates how a chip is modified by placing elements in the GUI
and how to use this macro to include those elements in PCell generation code:

.. image:: ../images/gui_workflows/converting_gui_elements_to_code.gif

> The macro has special handling for waveguides (of `WaveguideCoplanar <https://github.com/iqm-finland/KQCircuits/blob/main/klayout_package/python/kqcircuits/elements/waveguide_coplanar.py>`_ type).

Reviewer: Here it would be more useful to link to the API documentation of WaveguideCoplanar class, which can be done like this:
```suggestion
The macro has special handling for waveguides (of :class:`.WaveguideCoplanar` type).
```

The code generated for them automatically detects nearby reference points of
other elements, and uses these instead of hardcoded points as the positions
of the waveguide nodes. See the :ref:`modifying_waveguides` section above for

> instructions on how to modify `WaveguideCoplanar <https://github.com/iqm-finland/KQCircuits/blob/main/klayout_package/python/kqcircuits/elements/waveguide_coplanar.py>`_ in GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instructions on how to modify :class:`.WaveguideCoplanar` in GUI.
```

(see the other comment)
